Documentation clean-up (#517)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode: docs/design/fabric-v2+/fpc-management.md

## FPC Endorsement Policies

> In FPC, signatures by enclaves are the base of endorsements.

Reviewer: I think we lose the reader here with "endorsement", and Dave was similarly confused.
Should we specify immediately the two-step procedure, endorsement+validation?

Author: Not sure why at this point there would be confusion? And to understand what the two-step procedure is, you have to first understand what endorsement really means in our context?  The only thing i could see is to swap the  rest of the paragraph with the paragraph below referencing the externalized endorsement.  But to me the current order seems more natural coming conceptually top-down to the low-level realization.

Reviewer: It's a more general problem related to our use of "endorsement", which has a different meaning in FPC. Anyway, let's clarify that when needed.

For the initial version of FPC, FPC Lite, an endorsement of a single
endorsing peer is sufficient.
More specifically, the endorsement must stem from an enclave which is properly registered with the enclave registiry (ercc) as part of a successful `initEnclave` call (see [above](#create-chaincode-enclave).

> The corresponding *enclave endorsement policy* is called `designated chaincode` and is *implicitly defined*.

Reviewer: isn't it "designated peer"?

Author: designated peer what we defined for full FPC where the (fabric) endorsement policy explicitly stated and enforced peer hosting enclave. In FPC lite behaviour and semantics is slightly different and hence in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RSrOfI9nh3d_DxT5CydvCg9lVNsZ9a30XcgC07in1BY we gave it a different name, but as i realize now i used here the wrong name, google doc called it `designated enclave` (`designated chaincode` doesn't make any sense :-))

> As an FPC chaincode is protected by the use of Trusted Execution Technology,

Reviewer: Confusing: the text definitely refers to Trusted Execution Tech abstractly, but TXT concretely exists.

Author: Good point: this was already in the old version but this is indeed confusing. Will fix

from a security perspective,
the integrity guarantees gained from a single enclave are similar to the guarantee provided in a typical Fabric system with multiple peer endorsements.

With the [externalized enclave endorsement validation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RSrOfI9nh3d_DxT5CydvCg9lVNsZ9a30XcgC07in1BY/)
of the initial version of FPC,
there is though also separate endorsement required,
namely an endorsement that the enclave endorsement was properly validated.

> The policy is called the validation endorsement policy* and should match the standard organizational trust model in Fabric,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy is called the **validation endorsement policy** and should match the standard organizational trust model in Fabric,
```

Author: ah, a '*' got lost. but will leave it as `*` rather than `**` to be consistent with other similar uses ...

e.g., a majority of involved organizations.

> For FPC Lite, it is the validation endorsement policy which is specified as part of [`Approveformyorg`](#approveformyorg) and [`Commit`](#commit) and, as mentioned above, the enclave endorsement policy is implicit.

Reviewer: This does not read nicely.
```suggestion
For FPC Lite, the validation endorsement policy is specified through the [`Approveformyorg`](#approveformyorg) and [`Commit`](#commit) commands, while the enclave endorsement policy is implicit, as described above.
```

Author: yep, your proposal reads nicer ..

For example, to define require any 2 organizations for a consortium of `Org1`, `Org2` and `Org3` are required for endorsement validation,
you might install fpc chaincode as follows:
```bash
	..
    peer lifecycle chaincode approveformyorg --channelID mychannel name myfpc --signature-policy "OutOf(2, 'Org1.peer', 'Org2.peer', Org3.peer')" ...
	..
    peer lifecycle chaincode commit --channelID mychannel --name myfpc --signature-policy "OutOf(2, 'Org1.peer', 'Org2.peer', Org3.peer')" ...
	..
```
Future releases of FPC might provide support for richer enclave endorsement policies and/or enclave endorsement validation internalized.

> Correspondingly, specification of enclave endorsement policies and enclave validation endorsement policies will like change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correspondingly, specification of enclave endorsement policies and enclave validation endorsement policies will likely change in the future.
```

Author: yep
